[Music]
three little boys came to the end of the
rainbow
found a iridescent stone pick up curls
and put them to your ears
i heard the stone tell him to make a
wish so he wanted countless chocolate
bars then the stone shines
then the chocolate bars don't pour out
of my pocket curly makes a wish for a
castle
as a result a castle really rose on the
ground at the same time he also wished
to have the protection of the canyon and
crocodiles
at this time all three of them were
rushing to genuine
accidentally the stone fell under the
canyon
the three brothers found it at the
bottom of the valley just when curly is
almost in hand
it turned out to be a crocodile in the
water the stone is also incense
in order to get the stone back curly
rushed over
plunge one head into the crocodile's
mouth jumped out the next second
while still having fun with homework for
the crocodile a fish behind
a crocodile crawled out from behind then
the crocodile stood up
it turns out that the crocodile may have
a wish the crocodile kept chasing them
behind
finally drive them to desperation curly
makes a wish to save them and leave
as a result a pterosaur saved them the
pterodactyl brought them back to the
castle
but the crocodile also chased actually
walking up to the castle
seeing the crocodile will reach the top
right away curly makes a wish to drive
away the crocodile
all the crocodiles were bounced off in
the next second
they just made a wish to read files
again but the pterosaur above is not
happy
then curly makes a wish let all the
previous wishes disappear
after the three brothers got home
brother thinks they are stupid
so curly picked up the wishing stone
make one of them super smart
but they found nothing changed my sister
who was suddenly less than one year old
talk to them through telepathy
sister became professor x and they were
surprised and they feel that this stone
is not very reliable
decided to throw away the stone brother
made a wish and turned into a stone
grinding machine
put the stone on threw it far away the
stone fell on a pile of sand
at this moment my sister came over said
that they predicted that they would mess
things up
how to brush your teeth with braces
first pick up the special small
toothbrush
clean up food residues on the braces
after cleaning the upper and lower teeth
just gargle and spit water and look in
the mirror this is not over yet
then pull out the floss clean up again
and again
finally shu guo is completed toby who
loves cleaning so much
but was bullied by the school at this
time the school bully picked up the
fast-colored stones
down the middle of toby's forehead he
fell from the tree
the school bully was so scared that he
left quickly
toby woke up and found the stone in his
hand is asking him to make a wish
so he made a wish to have some great
friends as a result
there were a few aliens in the sky the
alien accompanied him when he got home
follow the cooking tutorial on tv
ran to the kitchen and picked up the
knife organized the version
greet toby to the table plates of
delicious food served up
toby had a nice meal after eating he
cleaned up his messy room
even father came in and saw have to add
his pocket money
even more powerful and helped him remove
the braces
fix the teeth the next day he combed his
hair like an adult let the alien take
him to school
the generals all taught me a lesson the
braces girl in the school bully wants to
teach him
but he was hugged and fell downstairs as
a result
both of them got a plaster cast but the
struggle is not over yet
braces girl puffs up bread with her feet
wolf wolf throws to toby
at night the mother came to see the
sleeping sun accidentally picked up the
stone and put it in the wallet
toby found out and chased it out the
parents came to the company party
but my father just called mother
casually said that they can get closer
as a result lang shui instantly became a
siamese
seeing the boss walk over and open the
door the two quickly hit a side
at this time the braces girl found the
purse on the ground
toby who came with wanted to take back
the stone but she was knocked down by
the braces girl
and was thrown into the trash by the
school bully inadvertently braces girl
holding a stone
turned her brother into a beetle and
gave her father a horse monkey ear
then turned into a fire-breathing
motorcycle ran away with a rock spark
and lightning
but she accidentally overturned and fell
into the toilet was chased by toby and
picked up
he made a wish to cancel all wishes
everyone is restored
in order not to let the stone harm
others again toby threw it out
just happened to be talked about by
sister toby sister is my friend north's
tudor
north saw that the stone was very
beautiful and asked for it
casually talked about the package i hope
my father's experiment will be
successful
then something strange happened this
booger has mutated
it grows slowly turned into a monster as
tall as a person
at this moment toby and curly come over
when the three were fighting for the
stone
accidentally flew the rock out swallowed
by booger in the next second
face the booger toby rushed over
straightforward he wants to find
national stone
he wants to look back unexpectedly i
almost got rid of the booger
moment of crisis north pulled out booger
from his nose
threaten it not to let go just eat its
home
i didn't expect it to really work it
turns out that this island
it was also picked out by north before
fortunately in the end
fortunately north's father sucked the
booger away with a vacuum gun
put it in a bottle finally toby picked
up the rock and ran away
but now everyone knows the magic of the
stone everyone started to snatch
frantically
i hope my arm gets longer
i hope to be invisible but in the end
the stone was found by the brace's
sister's father
he used stones to conjure a lot of
horses but he is not satisfied yet
he wants to become the most powerful
thing in the world as a result
he keeps attaching black patches turned
into a giant robot
to stop my father's plan brace's girl
turned into a giant hornet
the school bully has also become a giant
beetle seeing no match for robots
toby also summons his alien friends
curly also called the crocodile team
over
plus a giant human but even so they are
not opponents of robots
at this time sister knee deondian came
over
stop the flying crocodile also stop the
machine
sister told them it's greed that makes
the stone black
must destroy it now otherwise it will
destroy the world
my sister changed everyone back to their
original state at this time
north's father came up with the latest
invention apply mucus on your hands
then hand in hand to focus energy with
everyone's efforts
the stone disappeared completely back to
the end of the rainbow
the children became good friends with
each other this is the end of the movie
i have to praise the director's brain
power the movie is not only funny and
humorous
and it's more fantasy if you like you
can go to see the original film
if i give you a wishing stone what wish
you want to make